Complete DataStorm forwarded session requests when the node session is gone (#6317)
zeroc-ice/ice: changelog.d/datastorm/6307.md

> - Fixed a bug where a session creation request forwarded through a relay node was never answered when the relay's
>   session for the target node was destroyed while the request was being forwarded. The requesting node's session
>   creation attempt then hung instead of failing and retrying: the forwarder now completes such requests with
>   `ObjectNotExistException`, the same failure the requester gets once the forwarder is unregistered.

Reviewer: Sessions are an internal implementation detail of DataStorm, and the exception isn't application-visible either (the node retries internally). Suggest rewording in the documentation's vocabulary:

```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where a node could fail to connect to a peer reached through a relay node when the relay lost its own
  connection to that peer at the wrong moment. The writers and readers of the two nodes then never connected to each
  other. The node now retries the connection.
```

Author: 🤖 **Claude:** Applied verbatim in [`fdbacad`](https://github.com/zeroc-ice/ice/commit/fdbacad15fc664f277618d971acded92f8f5e256), pushed directly to `main` since this PR had already merged.
